"Turn left and face the dresser.",
"Pick up the alarm clock from the dresser.",
"Turn left, look and then face the lamp.",
"Turn the lamp on."
"Pick up the alarm clock and turn on the lamp.",

"Move to the white dresser to the left of the bed",
"Pick up the alarm clock on top of the dresser",
"Carry the alarm clock to the left side of the dresser",
"Turn on the lamp on top of the dresser"

"Carry an alarm clock while turning on a lamp",

"turn to the left to face the dresser",
"pick up the alarm clock off of the dresser",
"move to the left to face the left side of the dresser where the lamp is sitting",
"turn the lamp on"


"Turn around and face the dresser on the right.",
"Pick up the clock from the back of the dresser.",
"Hold the clock, and move a step to the left.",
"Holding the clock, turn on the lamp."
"Pick up a clock and turn on the lamp.",

"turn around, take a couple steps, turn right to face the dresser",
"pick up the alarm clock that is on the dresser",
"take a couple steps to the left to stand in front of lamp",
"turn the lamp on"
"examine the alarm clock with a lamp",

"Turn left to face the dresser.",
"Pick up the alarm clock on the dresser.",
"Move a bit to the left to face the lamp on the dresser.",
"turn on the lamp."
"Look at the alarm clock by lamp light.",
            

"Turn around to face toilet",
"Remove toilet paper roll from holder",
"Turn around, walk to wall, take left toward sink",
"Place roll on to counter in between sinks",
"turn around, walk to wall, take right, walk to toilet",
"Grab toilet paper off top right of toilet",
"Turn around, walk two steps, take left, go back to sink",
"Set toilet paper down behind toilet paper roll on counter"
"Remove both toilet paper and roll, put it on the counter",

"turn around and walk up to the toilet",
"grab the yellow tube off of the floor next to the toilet",
"turn around, walk forwards a bit and hang a left going towards the middle of the bathroom sinks",
"place the yellow tube on the counter in between the two sinks",
"turn around and head back over to the toilet",
"pick up the toilet paper from the top of the toilet",
"turn around and head back over to the sink",
"place the toilet paper on top of the sink behind the yellow tube"
"place a yellow tube in front of a toilet paper roll on the bathroom sink counter",

"Go to the toilet. ",
"Pick up the empty toilet paper roll from the floor. ",
"Bring the roll to the sink. ",
"Put the roll on the counter with the sinks. ",
"Go to the toilet. ",
"Pick up the toilet paper from the toilet tank lid. ",
"Bring the toilet paper to the sink. ",
"Put the toilet paper on the counter behind the roll. "
"Put toilet paper with empty roll on the counter. ",


"Turn right to face the refrigerator, walk forward, turn right to face the right side of the sink.",
"Walk to the sink, pick up knife.",
"Turn left towards the stove, turn right to the middle of the two sinks.",
"Slice potato on the left side of the right sink.",
"Look up to microwave.",
"Open microwave door.  Put the knife in the microwave and shut the door.",
"Look down towards the skin with the sliced potato in it.",
"Pick up the end slice of the potato located closest to you.",
"Look up to the microwave, open the microwave door.",
"Place the potato slice in the microwave, to the right and slightly behind the knife.  Close the microwave door.  Cook for 3 seconds.  Open the door and remove the potato.",
"Turn left towards the oven.  Turn right towards the left sink.",
"Put potato slice in the left sink, in the portion of the sink closest to you."
"Slice and cook a potato slice.",

"Turn right, move forward to alongside the sink, turn right.",
"Move to the sink, pick up the knife.",
"Turn left, move forward to alongside the potato in the sink, turn right.",
"Make 5 slices in the potato.",
"Face up to the microwave.",
"Open the microwave, put the knife in the microwave, shut the microwave door.",
"Face down to the potato in the sink.",
"Pick up the bottom slice of the potato.",
"Face up to the microwave.",
"Open the microwave door, put the potato slice inside, shut the door, turn the microwave on, wait for the microwave to shut off, open the door, remove the potato slice, close the door.",
"Turn left, move forward to alongside the left sink, turn right, face down to the sink.",
"Put the potato slice into the sink."
"Put a heated potato slice in the left basin of the kitchen sink.",

"Turn around and walk to the sink.",
"Pick up the yellow-handled knife against the wall to the right of the sink.",
"Move to the front of the right sink.",
"Slice the potato to the left of the faucet.",
"Look up to the microwave oven above the sink at eye level.",
"Open the microwave door, place the knife on the plate in the microwave, close the door.",
"Look down to the potato in the sink.",
"Pick up the front end piece of the potato.",
"Look up to the microwave oven, open the door, place the potato slice behind the knife handle on the right side of the plate in the microwave, close the door.",
"Turn the microwave on, when it is done cooking, open the door and pick up the heated potato slice, close the door.",
"Move to the left sink.",
"Place the potato in the front of the left sink."
"Slice a potato, heat a slice, put it in the sink",